Add contributionType parameter to /users endpoints (#236)
GIScience/ohsome-api: docs/endpoints.rst

.. http:post :: /users/count

    Get ``aggregation`` statistics about OSM users. List of endpoints:

    * **/count**
    * **/count/groupBy/(groupType)**
    * **/count/density**
    * **/count/density/groupBy/(boundary or tag or type)**

    * grouping type: one of boundary_, key_, tag_, type_.

     .. note:: ``groupByKeys``, ``groupByKey`` and ``groupByValues`` are resource-specific parameters.

    :query <other>: see above_
    :query groupByKeys: see key_
    :query groupByKey: see tag_
    :query groupByValues: see tag_

>     :query contributionType: filters users by type of contribution: ‘creation’, ‘deletion’, ‘tagChange’, ‘geometryChange’ or a combination of them; default: empty;

Reviewer: I think we should be a bit more specific here, so that users can understand how this actually works. for example:

```suggestion
    :query contributionType: restricts result to counts of users which performed at least one of the given types of contribution; can be ‘creation’, ‘deletion’, ‘tagChange’, ‘geometryChange’ or a combination of them; default: empty;
```
